Now we are displaying the validation error for username, but the template is becoming harder to read.
Right here we are checking if the form control has the error and if it is touched or if it is dirty
or what type of error it has.
And we display error accordingly.
So this is making it harder to read the template, but also we are going to repeat similar things for
the other inputs.
So before the template gets messy, let's move this presentation logic into clause.
So what we are going to do is here in the sign up component, yes, I'm going to add a new get function
here.
Get let's say this is username error and basically we will do the the control in this one.
So let's get the field first, getting it from the form.
We are getting this username first, then we check if this field has errors and.
Basically I'm doing this thing, so checking the errors then will check if it is touched or dirty.
So failed.
Touched or failed dirty.
Then we will check the error type here.
So if a failed error is having this required
down, I'm going to return the message.
Username is required.
Else.
This is the case where the error can be only a mean length, so returning the error of username must
be four characters long.
So this is going to be returning the error and this is complaining about not all the parts are returning
value, so let's make sure we return here as well.
So just saving this one and we are going to use this username error in the template this time.
So instead of having this check here, I will be just checking.
If username is username error is returning a value then if it is, we are going to display the value
in this div.
So saving this one.
Now the template is easier to read and the tests are passing.